Um, let me interview you
What is it like to be in a relationship with someone you dislike?
What annoying person
Don't look for trouble.
Do you really think your him
Just a migrant worker.
He is Gu Zhenting
I borrowed it from him five years ago
So that you and your mother can be easily kicked out
You think too much
My boyfriend just happens to be
It's exactly the same as Mr. Gu's
I knew you didn't believe me.
Gu Zhenting has been lying to you
I never took you seriously. I don't believe it.
See for yourself
Ask you something
You said Mr. Hu
You said if I don't wear the clothes of migrant workers
How can I become unlike the guzheng?
Simple, plastic surgery
Hahaha, joking, joking.
Hurry up, can't think of a way to halve the salary?
If there is any injury, it is always a panic.
Hmph, I thought of Mr. Gu
For example, you and you are now
Wouldn't all the habits be reversed?
For example
For example, is your posture more correct now?
Agreement he
Right, right.
To the right, yeah.
Perfect. That's it.
Yes, is that so?
More perfect
That's it.
That's a good idea.
Gu Zhengting, you lied to me.